hey guys it's done and sorry my voice
sounds extremely bad right now I've got
a really sore throat but before you know
what I want to get video out so right
firstly this is gonna be about how to
suck your 7 servers now if you've never
played runescape before and you want to
know how to start then please go check
out of a god click on the video because
these people at one of had oh seven
servers and they've already paid
runescape and the note the sort of
familiar with the areas and sort of the
basics so what you want to do is start
off with once you start in lumbridge you
wanna head straddle to rock and straight
to the barbarian village which is west
of Rock now once you get to the
Barbarian village you want to go
straight to the center which showing you
on screen now is a bunch of rocks now
one of the rocks is I have entrance you
wanna go down into the Clive entrance
and do this sort of so the sort of a
game you get through to the middle you
go through the doors find the right path
sort of thing you get through the middle
and you get reward you know and a moat
quest not quest any kinds so yep you
want to get you first starting 10k you
don't wanna try any skills yet you want
to run through it try not to die because
trust me people a lot of people are so
you want to go through me
get your 10k and get out of there don't
try to get the boots because you'll die
trust me you'll die now get get you
think I get out of there and yep so once
you've got your 10k now you're thinking
okay now it sounds go try it on no you
don't want to try and skills yet what
you want to do is you want to do the
waterfall quest which will get you 30
attack on 30 strength considering you
want to get chuckles trophies but um for
most of you you want to get attack and
strokes you want to do the waterfall
quest and I'm not going to show you how
to do the wolf request so whereas this
video will go through every you know
it's just an informational sort of a
video that how to start on what to
so the wolf request is actually really
good because um it gets your strengthen
attacks Astarte it doesn't give any over
explicit hit points or anything senior
points would still be 10 but it doesn't
matter you know that go fast now you've
got 30 attack on fairy shrimp so um
would you've done that and the reason
you can't do the wolf request before you
come to the barbarian village it's
because you need that starting tonight
gates of noise now once you've done that
you've unlocked fire joints as well
while doing the walk for quest which is
amazing because fire entrepreneurs get
Cimiez or skinnies or whatever you want
to call it so um and they are amazing
money at the moment going from 50 to 60
ki per one and you know 50 60 kappa one
of the moment he's extremely good money
so as you can see everybody is poor so
uh we want to do if you want to get your
range level up now I suggest you know
you don't want to eyes too much money
because seriously things money is so
short on this game and you wanna you
want to keep all your money so I suggest
mining and sniffing your own arrows I
know it takes a long time but trust me
it's worth it you can buy me if you want
I'm not I'm not saying don't buy on but
that's just what I do that's what I did
I sniffed mine so yep now once you've
sniffed away around those hopefully got
your range level to around 40
once you've got forward ventricle stuck
on children since I've spotted I'm sorry
not Hill drawings fire joints and
satisfy them this will get you our
expert with the pig bones as well and
you also get some little drops like half
caves and stuff even if you forget rinse
Kimmie's all Cimiez whatever you
wanna call them sorry for my language
but um yup now to make money over then
fire joints if you thinking are valve I
don't want to spend I geez getting
arrows I don't know China range I don't
want to try and mage you know
blah-dee blah-blah your ass killer or
just wanna make money so they even at
the moment saving is very good
making money you get to 20 you can just
like get up to I don't know five on men
then if you go into the cake store till
20 and then from 20 onwards you can get
silk and silk is sold for 60 gph to the
sales the silk salesman which is next to
the stores obviously now I suggest
leaving hundreds of them as much as you
possibly can and then white the 30
minutes you need to say to him because
if you don't buy that 30 minute is a I'm
gone you've just stole from being you
piece of crap
I'm gonna hunt you down and I'm gonna
kick your ass and you don't want that to
happen so you gotta bite that 30 minutes
things to cool down and then you can
sell to him again now people like our
buddy
you don't come open options so 60 yes he
does what you gotta do is you gotta
click on sound to you for 120 he will
say how about 50 you worse I do one I
want 60 and then he'll give you 60 for
him so I'm the can't be noted you I've
gotta do an inventory humbly doesn't
matter that's really good money top one
point 4 K per inventory which at the
moment he's a very good manner I think
people have done it to about 30 K per
hour which is you know it's good money
he's very good money so at the moment
anyway obviously this is early days so
yeah don't don't if it's been out for a
couple of months and there's AG ways of
making money
you obviously know me but um I promised
Michael of a garden well informational
video on that server yeah also what's
all done once I got a Julia because at
the moment it seems she's so slow you
everybody who's playing this you know
you run goes up so I could literally I
could run down to 0% run energy go to
work for 8 hours come back and you
probably still be in about 80% that's
how slow is it's unbelievable
so I so just getting your rigidity of I
can't be asked originally
personally I got it to 16 and I felt
like committing suicide so it's just
such a depressing skill and takes so
long so yeah like Scrooge a table if you
like it you'll get it up it'll help you
so much so yet there's so much more I
could tell you guys but the videos will
not quite long statue for part 2 when I
level up even more and tell you what
I've done give you some tips and yeah
just subscribe to my channel peace and I
love you check x4 bringing out these
nice seven service thank you very much
bye